Update Community Plugin Marketplace docs (#604)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/extend/plugins/community-plugin-marketplace.md

> 2. The source code is available in a public git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The source code is available in a public GitHub repository.
```

Author: `git` is the correct term here. E.g. it should be a GitLab repository

3. There is a public issue or bug tracker for the plugin, which is linked in the plugin documentation and linked via `support_url` in the manifest.
4. The plugin provides detailed usage documentation with at least one screenshot of the plugin in action, list of features, and a development guide. This is typically a `README` file or a landing page on the web. The link to the documentation is set as `homepage_url` in the manifest. A great example is the [`README` of the GitHub plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/blob/master/README.md).

> 5. For the current release and upcoming ones a changelog has to be published, with a link recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.

Reviewer 2: If the release_notes_url should point to the specific notes of the current version, it should be precised here.
(Looking at the [mattermost-server code](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/57717a23afa2917e543d833ceb04634a26c01fd6/model/manifest.go#L114), the doc points to a specific version changelog, however, if a unique changelog page for all versions (such as the Github Releases section, or Mattermost own changelog page) is enough, there's no need to be more explicit in the doc.)

Author: Yes, `release_notes_url` should point to a specific notes.

Does this make it more clear:
```suggestion
5. For the current release and every upcoming ones a changelog has to be published. The link to the current release notes has to be recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is very clear, thank you.

> 5. For the current release and every upcoming ones a changelog has to be published. The link to the current release notes has to be recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. For the current release and future releases, a changelog must be published. The link to the current release notes should be recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.
```

Author: ```suggestion
5. For the current release and future releases, a changelog must be published. The link to the current release notes has to be recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.
```

6. The plugin has to be out of Beta and be released with at least v1.0.0.
7. All configuration is accessible via the Mattermost UI.

> 8. The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/manifest-reference/#id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Plugin Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/manifest-reference/#id).
```

> ### Process for Updating Community Plugin to the Marketplace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Process for Updating Community Plugin in the Plugin Marketplace
```

> 1. Open an issue on the Plugin Marketplace Repository using [a pre-defined template for existing plugins](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-marketplace/issues/new?template=update_plugin.md). The template contains the checklist above, so you can check the items. Please also point out which commit should be used for the review. You may cut a release candidate (RC) for the reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open an issue on the Plugin Marketplace repository using [a pre-defined template for existing plugins](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-marketplace/issues/new?template=update_plugin.md). The template contains the checklist above, so you can check the items. Please also point out which commit should be used for the review. You may cut a release candidate (RC) for the reviews.
```
